You find in extraordinary large amount of poly(A) reads in the nucleus and
nucleoplasm, yet not in the cytoplasm, in CDS-introns.

These could be remnants of degraded mRNAs that are not allowed to escape the
nucleus.

One source could be mis-polyadenylated sequences that are subsequently
degraded.

Another, probably bigger source, is that polyadenylation is used as part of the
degradation process. A poly(A) tail makes it easier for the exosome to degrade
RNA fragments. This is remnisent of what happens in bacteria.

In yeast, the TRAMP poly(A) machinery has been identifier as a poly(A) adder to
RNA-to-be-degraded. No human homolog has been found yet, I believe, although
there are sequencse homologies.

Your data would give nice credit to the idea that there is
degradatio-by-poly(A) in the nucleus.

Compare the poly(A) clusters you get in the nucleus/chromatin with the clusters
you get in the cytoplasm. Are they different?

You have also saved a paper showing that polyadenylation happens in the
cytoplamsn of humans as part of the degradation pathway. Hey ho!

In yeast, TRAMP (polyadenylater) associates with Rrp6p for degradation in the
nucleus, whereas in mammals the Rrp6p ortholog, PM/ Scl100, is observed in both
the cytoplasm and nucleus (cite: RNA quality control in eukaryotes). The
homolog is observed in the cytoplasm and nucleus, and the small poly(A)s are
observed in the cytoplasm and nucleus in human/mammal! This points toward
poly(A) tail degradation by a similar mechanism.

Short poly(A) tails have been shown for pre-messenger RNA as well, with an
unknown processing mechanism. These ranged from 1-7 in size, and some of them
were not pure poly(A), they were poly(A) with other nucleotides as well.

In the 2010 article, they worked with a rRNA or beta globin gene. They find
polyadenylation here in certain sites both in the nucleus and cytoplasm,
indicating that the degradation sites are conserved. Perhaps due to structures?
It coul be that the poly(A) tail is only there to facilitate degradation of
RNAS with struvtures in the 3' end because the exonucleases can't work well
with structured ends.

I think you need to do the following:

1) Show that the poly(A) sites in nucleus/chromatin/cytoplasm are different
2) Compare nuc/chr/cyt for 3UTR and CDS intronic next to each other, for visual
effect.
4) Show the distribution of poly(A) locations in the CDS intronic regions. For
example, if there are 5 introns, plot the occurence in each of the introns.
Since different genes have different # of introns, make some kind of measure
for this. The idea is that you show that there is only a weak distribution of
the intronic poly(A) sites toward the 3'end. If the pol(A) tails come from
cleavage+polyadenylation you expect them to be located toward the 3' end.
3) Show that the poly(A) tails at the end of the 3UTRs are more pure poly(A),
they have more poly(A) read coverage. Conversely, show that the intronic
poly(A) tails are more 'choppy'

Show how this is different in poly(A)+ and poly(A)- datasets! :)


